(#2) Adds Initial Examples (#3)
chocolatey/ccm-deployment-examples: deployments/installing-multiple-packages/README.md

# Installing Multiple Packages

## Purpose

This Deployment Plan is a basic example of deploying multiple packages.

We recommend that you use a separate Deployment Step for each package to deploy to allow per-computer reporting.

https://github.com/chocolatey/ccm-deployment-examples/blob/b79340df0363be0fcda3192828cef96095320d3d/deployments/installing-multiple-packages/DeploymentPlan.json#L1-L58

You can use this to generate larger Deployment Plans with more comprehensive suites of packages, even mixing Basic and Advanced Deployment Steps in order to provide additional configuration.

## Usage

This Deployment Plan is an example of deploying a selection of software such as a baseline for a company computer or to meet a department's requirements. The Deployment Plan could be scheduled to re-run against a specific group to ensure that the software is always present and up to date.

After importing the Deployment Plan, you will need to set the Target Groups.

### Importing the Deployment

- Download the `DeploymentPlan.json` from this directory (or the `DeploymentPlan-Weekly.json` example).

> - Login to your CCM instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Login to your Chocolatey Central Management instance.
```

> - Navigate to the `Deployments` tab (on the left navigation bar) and click `Import Deployment`  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Navigate to the `Deployments` tab (on the left navigation bar) and click `Import Deployment` .
```

# Installing Multiple Packages

## Purpose

> This package is a basic example of deploying multiple packages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This template is a basic example of deploying multiple packages.
```

Reviewer 3: @steviecoaster Should it be `template` or `Deployment Plan` ? I've suggested this change in other files (before seeing this comment). I think in another file the word "deployment" is used.

Reviewer 2: @st3phhays I can agree on `Deployment Plan`

> This package is a basic example of deploying multiple packages.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This Deployment Plan is a basic example of deploying multiple packages.
```

> Though Chocolatey CLI supports passing multiple package IDs in to a single `install` or `upgrade` command, CCM should use a separate deployment step for each so that per-computer reporting is easier to parse and action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that you use a separate Deployment Step for each package to deploy to allow per-computer reporting.
```

https://github.com/chocolatey/ccm-deployment-examples/blob/b79340df0363be0fcda3192828cef96095320d3d/deployments/installing-multiple-packages/Deployment.json#L1-L58

> This can scale neatly and easily, and you can generate larger deployments with more comprehensive suites of packages to deploy - even mixing basic and advanced deployments in order to provide additional customisation and configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This can scale neatly and easily, and you can generate larger deployments with more comprehensive suites of packages to deploy - even mixing basic and advanced deployment steps in order to provide additional customisation and configuration.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm letting your `customisation` slide here ;) LOL

> This can scale neatly and easily, and you can generate larger deployments with more comprehensive suites of packages to deploy - even mixing basic and advanced Deployment Steps in order to provide additional customization and configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this to generate larger Deployment Plans with more comprehensive suites of packages, even mixing Basic and Advanced Deployment Steps in order to provide additional configuration.
```

## Usage

> This deployment is an example of deploying a set selection of software, for example, as a baseline for a company machine or department's requirements. The deployment could be scheduled to re-run against a specific group to ensure that the software is present and up to date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Deployment Plan is an example of deploying a selection of software such as a baseline for a company computer or to meet a department's requirements. The Deployment Plan could be scheduled to re-run against a specific group to ensure that the software is always present and up to date.
```

> After importing the deployment, you will need to set the target group(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After importing the Deployment Plan, you will need to set the Target Groups.
```

### Importing the Deployment

> - Download the `Deployment.json` from this directory (or the `Deployment-Weekly.json` example)

Reviewer: If you change the name of the file, it will need updated in both places here.

> - Download the `Deployment.json` from this directory (or the `Deployment-Weekly.json` example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Download the `Deployment.json` from this directory (or the `Deployment-Weekly.json` example).
```

- Login to your CCM instance

- Navigate to the `Deployments` tab (on the left navigation bar) and click `Import Deployment`  
    ![The Deployments selection on the left nav bar, and the Import Deployment button](/images/DeploymentTab.jpg)

- Click `Browse` and select the downloaded json file  
    ![The Import Deployment Modal](/images/DeploymentImportModal.jpg)

> - Click `Import`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Login to your CCM instance

- Navigate to the `Deployments` tab (on the left navigation bar) and click `Import Deployment`  
    ![The Deployments selection on the left nav bar, and the Import Deployment button](/images/DeploymentTab.jpg)

- Click `Browse` and select the downloaded `.json` file.
    ![The Import Deployment Modal](/images/DeploymentImportModal.jpg)

- Click `Import`.
```

> For further details, please see the [documentation at docs.chocolatey.org](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/central-management/usage/examples/deployments).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [documentation](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/central-management/usage/examples/deployments) for more information.
```

### Setting the Target Group

You will need to set a target group for the deployment. 

> To do so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to set a Target Group for the Deployment Step:
```

- Mouse-over the deployment step and click the `Edit` button:
    ![Editing a Deployment Step](/images/EditDeploymentStep.jpg)

- Navigate to the `Select Target Groups` panel

- Highlight your preferred groups and click the `>` button to move them into `Selected Groups`
    ![Selecting Target Groups](/images/SelectingTargetGroups.jpg)

> - Click `Save`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mouse-over the deployment step and click the `Edit` button.
    ![Editing a Deployment Step](/images/EditDeploymentStep.jpg)

- Navigate to the `Select Target Groups` panel.

- Highlight your preferred groups and click the `>` button to move them into `Selected Groups`.
    ![Selecting Target Groups](/images/SelectingTargetGroups.jpg)

- Click `Save`.
```
